just give me a second, we'll let Ben in. Okay, so Naveens, can I change his name to actually
going forward Naveen, if you can put Clara's display picture, that'll be helpful. Clara
support, I'm changing your name. Okay, cool. I'll let him in. Yes, the good. All right, letting
him in in three, two, one. And Ben is in very sweet guy by the way. He's in. Hey, Ben. Good
afternoon. Oh, wait. Oh, hey, hi. Good afternoon. Hey, Ben, how are you? I'm doing well. How are
you? Very well. Thank you so much for asking. Very, really excited to kick things off for
you. And yeah, I mean, how have things been since the last time we spoke? Good. Busy. Busy,
that's good. For sure. So that's it's been fun. Yeah, I just signed the the docusign. Oh, okay.
And it did look like it said like a 12 month term, I think we were talking about three months to
start. Correct. So what it means there is that after the three months, if you decide to continue,
which I'm sure you will, the price will stay the same. So that's what that 12 month term
means. So you'll be good. Perfect. It just helps you with the cost increase. Yeah. So you've signed
the docusign. Yeah. Awesome. I think I'll be getting a notification on the billing team. And I
think the card that you probably the details that you shared with me that also might be in process
of getting executed. So I think we're good. But all that aside, I just wanted to introduce the
new phase that you can probably see on your screen. That's Pavan. Hey, Ben. I wanted to get
somebody who I mean, who understands things in and out and turns out Pavan's the one who started
the whole journey of Clark answers. So he's somebody who's very deeply knitted into this program,
this solution. So he'll match your pace, understand your expectations, and of course,
married and then present the solution to you. So he's going to be a dedicated point of contact.
But if in this, if any case, if at any point, there has to be more people involved, we'll
of course notify you and then we loop other people in as well. Okay, so yeah, that's how to let
Pavan take over. And yeah, we'll kick things off. Yeah. Thank you so much, Bharath. And yeah,
Bharath is my hype man, right? With all the intro. But yeah, I'm super excited to get you
started, Ben, and got all the context of your business, what you're trying to solve with,
you know, the first solution here that is, you know, AI for answering for your business,
got all the context from Bharath in the way you guys operate today. With that information, we
already have the, you know, base variant of the agent configured, just one, just couple of details,
you know, some details that I wanted to clarify so that we can complete that configuration and
make the agent available for your testing today itself, right? That'll be the target. The way
the process would look like as well is we'll share the number on which the agent will be available
and the dashboard as well, so that, you know, you can run some test calls, see how the agent is
responding, all that. After this call, I'll share that details with you by making those final
configuration. And then post that, we can probably set up another call for Friday if you have some
time, because you get this one day to really test and, you know, run some test calls, see if
you'd want anything changed. And then, you know, we can probably, you know, have the agent take
live calls this weekend, right? Okay. So, firstly, to, I mean, get an understanding, we'll divide
the conversation into during officers and after hours, just to get the behavior that we'd want to
have for the agent. So, for during officers, then is it only you who takes all the incoming calls
from customers or is there anyone else as well? No, right now, it's just me. Yeah. So, we have
some steady, like, contractors. They have the phone numbers for some of my team so they can talk
directly for the guys in the field. But generally, like, what I need this for is the new clients,
the small jobs, the service calls, people that call every day that we don't have a
already working relationship with. So, but anyways, yeah, it's me that takes those calls.
Okay, makes sense. And then, so when Clara will be set up, the way it will be set up is your main
business line today. By default, the forwarding will be set up from there to Clara. So,
you know, we can start off with, so what I understand from birth is you only have one
number and that is your personal number, that is your business line. I think that is,
do you, do you by any chance happen to have a second number? I do. I've got a, I was actually
thinking about this a while ago. So, I actually have another phone with a phone line that I'm
going to use for personal. Oh, it's perfect. Yeah, I just have to get it going and tell all my contacts,
my new number. Perfect. Yeah, so, yeah, I was going to say, like, can I turn, until I get that done,
am I able to turn Clara off and on as needed kind of thing or? Yes. So, the way, then we can,
the way we can set it up is, you know, on your phone, how do you use a iOS device, like an Apple
device or an Android? Android. Perfect. That makes it even easier because you, you can really set
some, you know, the way we can start off is on your phone, you can set up the call forwarding
in a way where if you do not answer the call or if you decline the call, then we can forward the
calls to Clara. So, in that way, in that way, we can start off like that until you have the
second number up and running. Once the second number is up, then, you know, we can have Clara
be the first point of contact and then if someone wants to talk to you or, you know, then, then we
can transfer it to the second number. Oh, I was actually going to ask that today. So, Clara can
transfer if somebody really needs to talk to me, Clara can transfer that call. Yes. That's where,
that's where we'll need that second number. That's why. Oh, got you. Okay. Yep. So, that is
possible. Cool. So, when the second number is up and running, probably that is one number that
I'll need from you. You can just, I'll send my, I'll send the details of the agent on the email
so you can reply to that. I'll include these pointers as well so that we can. So, for office hours,
that is one. And then for anyone who's calling to probably schedule an appointment or is inquiring
about a quote, do you have any minimum, like a visit fee that you charge if you have to ever
give out an estimate? Yeah, our structure is set up like for service calls. We do have a service
call fee, which is $115. That's a call out, which is what gets us to the job site. And then our hourly
charge is in half hour increments after that at the hourly rate of $90 an hour for a residential.
Okay. Is that 98 or 90? 98. Okay. Perfect. Per hour, which for half hour is going to be, of
course, 49. Yeah. Cool. And then for the initial $150, so for that, do you have a
like desert cover for the first one or two hours or anything like that?
Well, that's just the call out to get to site. Okay. And then. Yeah. Okay. So.
So basically it's $150 for the first half hour or $150 an hour.
Oh, okay. Yeah. That's what it, okay. For the first half hour, it's the initial call out fee
and then every after an hour increments from there. Perfect. Makes sense. So and do you want
Clara to mention that on the call or shall we start off with not mentioning and you want to take
that call subjectively based on, because some calls. Yeah. I, most of the time, I've definitely
learned that people need to know about that before we, before we book the job. So when people ask,
I do want Clara to be able to mention that. Okay. Only if they want to clarify, we'll mention,
but we'll not make it a point to mention. I think so. Yeah. I mean, I guess Clara actually speaks
better than I do. Sorry, I'm trying to mute my phone right now. I've got a whole bunch of
notifications coming in here. I double booked myself. I actually have a flat tire and I've
got a mobile tire repair guy right now. Excuse me, one quick second. He's just outside my door.
Sorry, guys. Yeah, there is no problem.
Sorry, guys. I just got to pay this guy.
Oh, so sorry, guys. Sorry, sorry, sorry. No problem.
Cool. Yeah. Yeah. Are you doing that? Sorry. Sorry, problem. Carry on. No problem at all.
So we're talking about service call fee and we'll only include, you know, we'll not make
it a point to mention it on all call, but you know, we'll have, we'll have that information.
Yeah, when people ask for, if there is a minimum fee or anything like that, right?
Cool. And then for everything else, yeah, I think everything else is clear from the website already.
So we'll start off there, but you know, we can, any day as the calls come in, you know,
we can make changes. It's not like very injured in that way. So if you'd want to include some
policies or, you know, if you'd want a specific type of calls handled a little differently,
all of that, we can, you know, take it up as and when they pop up.
Okay. So that was one. The other one is, so we can send out a notification whenever there's a new
call. So do you have a preferred email address and a phone number so that we can have the email
and then the SMS send out? Yeah. Let me just think here. Probably the best one info
at bendselectricsolutionsteam.com. Okay. So just so that I don't get the spelling wrong here,
will it be possible to drop that in the chat? Yeah, sure. It's basically the same as if you
have my email address, it's the same info instead of Ben. Yeah. But I will write it down for you.
Cool. And then the number on which would, so the main line that you're using,
we'll use the same number to send the SMS.
The same number to send which sir? So we'll send the post call, like whenever there is a
new call from the customer, you'll get an SMS as well saying, Oh yeah. Yeah. Actually,
I was going to ask about that too. If it affects text messages or not, but probably not.
Oh, okay. Okay. So we'll have the email and text message set up on that number.
Okay. Perfect. And so,
yeah, if people are text messaging me on this phone, that's not going to get into,
I'll get those text messages right away. So your phone, your phone, the main line will be working
fine on like only the incoming calls are getting forwarded to Clara, but everything,
the call, you can make outbound calls using your number, you can text back and forth, all of that
is still, you know, pretty much the same. Perfect. Exactly. So that is with the officers,
but coming to after hours, Ben, do you do any kind of dispatch for after hours?
No, we don't do emergency calls, except for our existing builders. And I've got one property
manager that sometimes they've got some, they've got gas stations that are running 24 seven.
So short answer is no, but yes, for one particular company.
Okay. So if you have that one particular company, if you can help me with the details of that company,
what we can do is, you know, if a call, if someone from that property calls for an emergency
after hours, then you can patch it through to. Oh, okay. So you can actually select one number
that's allowed to get patched through. Yeah, but it's more, yeah, we can use that number or even
if you give me the context of the property, because you don't know who will be calling from that
property, right? So if you can just give me the details of yes, the customer name, address,
if you have that handy, you can drop that in the chat. Yeah, but even if okay, yeah. So just the
details customer name, property name, their address, primary contact. So right here in my
phone, give me one moment. Okay, so I'll put it in the chat.
It's weird, it's a property manager, but they also do a lot of pressure washing and landscaping. So
the company is actually called GNM Pressure Washing, but their property management.
I think they can use Clara as well.
Yeah, they probably could.
Did you say you need their email address as well?
Yeah, I mean, any, any information that you already have so that when they call,
you know, we, if they mention, hey, I'm Shelley, you know, this is the number or even if someone
else is calling as well and they say, hey, this is from. Okay, from GNM Pressure Wash?
Yeah. Yeah, they, okay, how is this? See if I can
copy it here. But GNM, it's just one question there, Ben. So GNM is the property management company,
but the property, okay, is it a specific property under them for which they would call for emergencies
or is it their facility itself? No, it's properties that they manage. So it's,
it's gas stations. So we do, we can work for them. They manage Chevron and SOs.
Okay, so when they call, do they, I think they'll be giving you the gas station details, right?
Yes, yeah, she'll normally, geez, I've had a couple, a couple calls in the middle of the night
and she'll usually message me or yeah, she'll tell me the details and she'll send me a text
message as well. So she generally will give all of that information. Okay. Because yeah,
there's several properties, about 20 gas stations around the city that we work in.
Yeah, you probably have to just let her know, hey, I'm trying this, you know, answering service
out. So you can just call in and drop all the context and I'll, I'll be there. The call will
be patched through right to me. Okay, perfect. Cool. So that covers the after hours as well,
because there's only one property or, you know, one customer. Yeah, there's really only the one
customer. Yeah. For everyone else, we'll just have it as, you know, we'll get back to you
in the next business day. And then the working hours are Monday to Friday. Shall we take directly
from the website? I think it's Monday to Friday. And then Monday to Friday, I think what the website
says is 8 to 430. Yeah, basically, pretty much 835 is kind of what we work, but yeah.
Perfect. We'll use that information again, like I said, we're starting there, but if you want to
make any changes, we can always make that. Okay. Maria, that was pretty much it, like,
that was pretty much all the information that I needed because the rest of the information
were already using your website to have the agent trained on it. So there's no problems there.
But yeah, this should already help us complete the configuration and send the details over to you.
This is how the, so I'll send a link to the dashboard where you can see all the calls and then
the number. I'm purposefully not sharing the screen to show you the dashboard around,
but I don't want you to just log in, try your hand at the dashboard. And then when we,
probably we can schedule a time on Friday. And then that's when you'd already have made
some test calls. All of them would be on the dashboard and I can just walk you through them
how you can actually put the dashboard to the best use.
Terrific. Cool. So,
for Friday, do you have a time in mind, Ben, where we can connect again?
Let me just make sure my schedule, I've got nothing else going on on Friday.
If same time works, we can have it in the same time zone.
I did. Oh, I think,
where is that? I think I've got something on Friday. Hang on a moment.
Yeah, noon's not going to be good. Okay, so I've got a meeting already, a lunch meeting from noon to
one on Friday. So, how much time do you think we need for the meeting on Friday?
Less than half an hour.
Less than half an hour? Okay.
Probably 15, 20 minutes. So what we'll essentially be doing is you would,
after seeing the details today, you just, you will try making some test calls and then see
how the email is coming through, how the SMS is coming through, how the details pop up on the
dashboard. On Friday when we meet, it's more of if you observe something that needs change,
that's something that we will address on the call. And then I'll just walk you around the
dashboard to probably show you some nice features.
Yeah, yeah, okay. Let's do it in the afternoon. I think that'd be a little better if you've got
some time around two o'clock.
Okay, that's fine. I can schedule it for two o'clock on Friday and then.
Perfect.
Ideally, so once, after we meet on Friday, we can, you know, have the setting already.
We can follow the main line. We can have the, because that's our website. Once you put it
in front of the customer, you'll see how, you know, they're receiving it and you'll already see a lot
of time given back to yourself with all the spam calls and.
Yeah. So at, okay, so once we go live, then it's going to answer the calls. Oh, we can
configure it. So it answers the calls if I don't, right?
Yeah. So that's a setting that we can just, do you think the second number will be up by Friday then?
Would you think that's a possibility?
Yeah.
That'll be ideal where we can set it up in a way where we can forward all the calls from main line
on to Flora. And then from there, if someone wants to talk to, you know, you or someone,
they're like, I want to talk to someone because you would have that, you know,
percentage of customers who will be like, I don't want to go through this. Just put me through.
We don't want to, you know, create a lot of friction there. So we can just patch them through.
But, you know, we'll just get a quick purpose of, you know, why they're calling and then.
Okay. So in the initial few days, there'll be that calibration where, you know, all the,
along with all the spam call, you know, one or two spam calls might be going through,
you know, the sales calls that are coming in, but we will probably be the edge cases here
and there where someone told something a little differently and then they,
they told it's relative of yours and then they got through to make a sales call, right?
So we'll try to have all of that minimized. We'll start off with, you know, keeping the door
relatively closed. We'll shut the door, you know, as we go forward.
Yeah. Sounds good.
We'll have the testing piece taken care of in the following conversations and should everything
go well, we can get things up and running. That'd be great. I like it.
Cool then. Yeah. Just watch out for my email there, Ben. I'll drop the details of the agent,
the number, which you can dial to talk to the agent. Nothing is live yet. So
you can directly call that number, have a conversation, see how the agent responds.
And you'll see the post call workflow in that way as well.
Yeah. Fantastic.
So that was all I had from my side. Thank you so much for your time, Ben. But yeah,
you, Bharat. Yeah. Awesome.
I'll see you, Ben. Just watch out for my email.
Thank you, Bharat. Yeah, thanks.
